**Editing a profile**
When an account is in the setup profile page, the user has the option to input information into a bio text. When they enter text into the field specified “bio” and click on the save button, all of the characters in the “bio” text will be added to the database. The user then has the option to go to the setup profile page where they can see their bio with the characters that they typed. This bio can be further edited and re-saved. Additionally, there are other fields in the set up page that must be filled out. These are required and will return a message and an error if they are not. Following SOA protocols, the bio and other information is stored in the database and is hidden from the user. They must explicitly go to their setup profile page to augment the information. It has a discrete unit of functionality that is to display what they have written in this section.
The test for this story was to login to an account, go to the setup profile page and then enter information in the bio section and the other fields of information. The characters entered varied from empty strings, to foreign characters, etc. Then to re go into the bio page to determine if the information was stored. Another test was to have an account whose information was already added and to see if the information was stored after logging out. 
**Deleting an account (athlete/coach)**
When in the settings page, there is a button to delete your account. When you click on this button, you will be sent to the login page, and your account will be removed from the database. If you try to log in with the information from the account that was just deleted, you will not be allowed to. You can then remake the account from the register page. Direct access to the database is not allowed so users cannot manually delete their account. They must delete their account through the settings page. Information about your account is only shown through messages given from the app. The only functionality of this story is to delete the account. 
The test for this story was to login to an existing account and to then go to the settings page. Once at the settings page, I clicked on the delete account button. When sent to the login page, I re tried logging into the same account used previously and the account no longer exists.

