We together optimizing everyone's individual skills with Ben mainly focusing on UI and graphical designs, Nathan working on the profile page and settings page, Brian working on error handling  in code and testing, Paul mainly focused on how to organize, configure, and coding the database for the challenges. Ben made most of the UI and created the majority of the layouts for the pages, intents, graphical designs, special functions like scroll bars, and the review of the overall composition and flow of the visual app. He also helped develop some test cases. Nathan worked on the profile page letting the users enter their personal information.  He also created the settings page with functions like night mode, wifi, change password, delete account, change email, and notifications. Brian did most of the error handling checking for wrong inputs and fixing them, test cases for the app,documentation, and communication with the group. Paul worked mainly on structuring how the database must be setup  and building the classes relating to coaches creating challenges. Our group accomplished many setting page functions, profile page, created challenges for coach, many of the View functions/ UI. Our profile worked completely and we create challenges work for coaches,while most of the settings functions work that can be implemented at this time. Issues encountered mainly dealt with UI components and how to implement the database with all it’s component. We need to work heavily on the database components next sprint, but we completed the other tabs relating to non-user database UI. 
